# Team Master Hackers - Submission #3

# Overview
Our group spent the large part of the time on project 3 reviewing and improving our build which was created for project 2. This is because the required functionality of logging in and out and form submission was already implemented in project 2. To build upon our previous version, we’ve included forms for editing profile information and accessing chat pages for specific arguments. Overall, our project has retained the same design decisions as that of project 2, with the main goal of our website being a place for arguers to congregate and have mindless discussions. This document will serve as a recapitulation of how we implemented these two necessary functions and our website in general.



## Team Members

Team Master Hackers and their GitHub Names:

Travis Bender ([travisbender](https://github.com/travisbender))  
Mark Disler ([markdisler](https://github.com/markdisler))  
Thomas Katz ([thomask156](https://github.com/thomask156))  
Preston Sheppard ([psheppard16](https://github.com/psheppard16))  
Seth Tinglof ([seth-tinglof](https://github.com/seth-tinglof))  

## Video Link
https://youtu.be/ivSkEbKtLGs

Design Overview: A brief design overview of your login/logout and interaction functionality of your application.
## Logging In and Out
Our logging function was handled by Django's native authentication support, where Django checks an inputted username and password against the user profile table within our database. Our website's pages use the login decorator, which ensures a user is logged in before accessing any pages beyond the login page. Once a user enters their correct login information, they are brought to their profile page, which displays relevant data for that specific user. This includes their name, bio and recent arguments they've partaken in.
## Forms
Currently, our forms consist of creating an account and creating a message, creating an argument and editing the profile. When creating an account, users will go onto their input their username, password and password once again for verification. If the passwords match in the two forms, the account is added to the Profile table with a bio and rank field created for them with bio being some random text and rank being 0 at default. Chat messages are created when a user types a message and a new row is created in our ChatMessage model, with the fields writer, timestamp and chat_lobby generated by the website. Creating an argument can be done by going on the Create Argument page, and typing in an argument name, selecting a topic, the number of participants and a description of the argument. The user is then redirected to their newly created argument. Finally, when a user goes onto their profile page, they can click an edit button and be brought to a page which allows users to edit information related to their profile, this being their name and bio.



## Problems/Successes
### Problems
We were all very busy over the duration of the week before, of, and after vacation, leading to a lack of communication between team members in order to focus on individual studies and homework. Another problem included understanding how to use forms and models in tandem in order to not only create information, but retrieve it. This required understanding how to grab information specific to the currently logged-in user as well as how to have our website automatically generate relevant information for our forms.
### Successes
We discussed as a group what forms were necessary for our website and were able to implement them during the Tuesday work session. This came in part from group members helping each other and previous models serving as readable examples of how one should be created. Everyone is fully aware of what our database looks like on a conceptual level and are aware of all the forms and models our website uses. Work is being done fairly quickly now and there is a fair distribution of work between team members. Everyone is content with our group and we all see us succeeding.


## Team Choice:
Moving forward, we want to try to have a way of viewing other people’s profiles and see their activity and achievements.  We want to try to get an achievement/trophy system in place to highlight the effort of the users.  Lastly, we want to allow users to upload custom profile pictures and save it as a field in the data model.

