# Team Master Hackers

## Overview

Our application serves to provide a place for people all across the world to congregate and argue. We hope to provide a platform which facilitates the joy that is arguing with a faceless stranger over any and all topics, even if they're in agreement with you. We will have a way for the users to chat with one another and to find people which disagree with them.  As of now, there are not any changes we have in mind for our project. There is a chance we forego some sort of matchmaking feature in favor of  users seeking out others themselves.



## Team Members

Travis Bender, Mark Disler, Thomas Katz, Seth Tinglof, Preston Sheppard



## Video Link



## Design Overview

Our website will use several models, the first which the user encounters is the user model. This model is given to us by django, and houses the user's name, password, email, account credentials etc. This model stores the information users need to log in. We implemented a Profile model, which has a one to one relation with the User model. The profile includes the rank and bio of the user, which we display on their account page. Next is the topic model, which we use to hold the list of argument topics, either generated by us or our users. The next model is the Argument table, which includes the name of the argument, a description of what the argument is, when was the last time someone posted in the argument, and the number of participants allowed. In terms of relationships, it will have a chat_lobby attribute, which determines which argument it is, the creator attribute keeps track of who created it, there is a many to many relationship among profiles and arguments, and the status and topic of the argument reference the status and topic models. The status model holds a list of all statuses for an argument. The ChatMessage table holds a list of all chat messages on our website. Each message has a timestamp, a string, and a writer. Furthermore, the chat_lobby attribute is used to determine which argument as message is posted in. Finally is the ChatLobby model, which gives the name of an argument lobby: the chatroom for each argument.



## Problems And Successes

Problems consisted of finding the best time for our team to meet and where that would be. Furthermore, there is a large difference in terms of expertise with django, and web development in general, among the group. While this is not necessarily a problem, a large part of the group had to spend some time learning the environment. There were plenty of successes: Preston took lead of the group and assigned everyone a model and view to work on, and was always eager to help someone out if they were stuck. We were all able to complete our pages and understand the webapp. Those who were less experienced now have a far greater grasp on django and more confidence going into the next leg of the project. 

In terms of improvement, there isn't much to be done. We could meet even earlier to work on the project, but as of now this isn't a striking issue. We have great vision as to what we want to accomplish and we might even look into adding more features before the project is complete.



