My primary contribution consisted of implementing the form and model for chat messages. This involved using Django's modeling support in order to create an adequate and sensible model, upon which I decided to have fields such as timestamp, message, writer and lobby id. This makes it easy to retrieve relevant messages, and to sort them in a variety of ways. Creating the form involved adding a form to the html template and to have the user input stored in our database alongside the automatically generated data (timestamp, writer, and lobby). 

I based my approach around that in the create account page, ensuring that my page would follow the same conventions as the rest of the website. Another aspect I worked on was appropriately updating the page when they would send a message. This was necessary in order to provide users some sort of immediate feedback when they sent a message. While this didn't involve the form itself, it was the primary product of this form. To do this, I had to retrieve messages sent within the lobby and return the list of messages in a manner which distinguished the user's messages from those of other people. This involved looking at the writer of a message in the html and giving it a box showing it was written by the user or someone else.

Finally, I helped write the submission document for this project. I got inputs from every member of the group on what exactly we accomplished and how they would like to word our progress. I asked around for opinions on the group's current state, what goals we'd like to move toward and if we had met all requirements for this project. I inquired about each form we used to get a thorough understanding of how they work and if they meet expectations for our group and the project guide. Through doing this. the entire group got a better idea of the models we use, and everyone has a more complete conceptual understanding of our website and its database.